Fix heartbeat ping (#223)
giantswarm/prometheus-meta-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Fix initial heartbeat ping triggering only on creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix initial heartbeat ping so that it only triggers only on creation.
```

Author: Thanks

### Fixed

- Set prometheus cpu requests and limits to 0.25 CPU.

> - Fix initial heartbeat ping so that it only triggers only on creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix initial heartbeat ping so that it only triggers on creation.
```
